.\" Author: Sean Robinson <seankrobinson@gmail.com>
.\" iwconfig.py.8
.\"
.TH IWCONFIG.py 8 "05 August 2009" "Python WiFi" "Linux Programmer's Manual"
.\"
.\" NAME part
.\"
.SH NAME
iwconfig.py \- configure a wireless network interface via Python
.\"
.\" SYNOPSIS part
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "iwconfig.py [" interface ]
.br
.BI "iwconfig.py " interface " [essid " X "] [nwid " N "] [mode " M "] [freq " F "]
.br
.BI "                   [channel " C ] [sens " S "] [ap " A "] [nick " NN ]
.br
.BI "                   [rate " R "] [rts " RT "] [frag " FT "] [txpower " T ]
.br
.BI "                   [enc " E "] [key " K "] [power " P "] [retry " R ]
.br
.BI "                   [modu " M "] [commit]
.br
.BI "iwconfig.py --help"
.br
.BI "iwconfig.py --version"
.\"
.\" DESCRIPTION part
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Iwconfig.py
is a drop-in replacement for
.IR iwconfig (8),
but uses the pythonwifi module to implement its functionality in pure Python.
See the
.IR iwconfig (8)
man page for more detail about what
.B iwconfig.py
can do.
.PP
The compatitibilty of specific operations
.B iwconfig.py
has with
.IR iwconfig (8)
are listed below.
.\"
.\" COMPATIBILITY part
.\"
.SH COMPATIBILITY
.TP
.BR essid

.TP
.BR nwid
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR nick [name]
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR mode

.TP
.BR freq / channel

.TP
.BR ap

.TP
.BR rate / bit [rate]

.TP
.BR txpower
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR sens
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR retry
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR rts [_threshold]
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR frag [mentation_threshold]
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR key / enc [ryption]

.TP
.BR power
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR modu [lation]
.PP
  Does not work.

.TP
.BR commit
.\"
.\" AUTHOR part
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
Sean Robinson \- seankrobinson@gmail.com
.\"
.\" COPYRIGHT part
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
Portions Copyright 1996-2006 Jean Tourrilhes
.br
Copyright 2004-2008 Roman Joost
.br
Copyright 2009 Sean Robinson
.\"
.\" FILES part
.\"
.SH FILES
.I /proc/net/dev,
.I /proc/net/wireless
.\"
.\" SEE ALSO part
.\"
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ifconfig (8),
.BR iwconfig (8),
.BR iwlist.py (8),
